h1. Maven 2 Plugin for processing Avro files

*Author: "Patrick Hunt":http://people.apache.org/~phunt/* (follow me on "twitter":http://twitter.com/phunt)

h2. Summary

"This is a Maven 2 plugin":http://github.com/phunt/avro-maven-plugin for processing "Avro protocol and schema files":http://hadoop.apache.org/avro/. Currently only protocol files are supported.

h3. What's Apache Avro?

From the "official site":http://hadoop.apache.org/avro/: "Avro is a data serialization system"

Avro provides:
 * Rich data structures.
 * A compact, fast, binary data format.
 * A container file, to store persistent data.
 * Remote procedure call (RPC).
 * Simple integration with dynamic languages. Code generation is not required to read or write data files nor to use or implement RPC protocols. Code generation as an optional optimization, only worth implementing for statically typed languages. 

h2. License

This project is licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0

h2. Usage

Type "mvn install" to install the plugin into your local maven repository.

To use the plugin you'll need something like the following in your Avro project pom.xml file. The first plugin will compile Avro *.avpr files, while the second plugin will run Paranamer (necessary for Avro to introspect the generated rpc code):

See "avro-rpc-quickstart":http://github.com/phunt/avro-rpc-quickstart for example use.

<pre><code>
      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.avro</groupId>
        <artifactId>avro-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <phase>generate-sources</phase>
            <goals>
              <goal>protocol</goal>
            </goals>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>

      <plugin>
        <groupId>com.thoughtworks.paranamer</groupId>
        <artifactId>paranamer-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <id>run</id>  <!-- id is optional -->
            <configuration>
              <sourceDirectory>${project.build.directory}/generated-sources/avro</sourceDirectory>
              <outputDirectory>${project.build.directory}/classes</outputDirectory>
            </configuration>        
            <goals>
              <goal>generate</goal>
            </goals>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
</code></pre>


